README.md, before:

# Caldera Forms CiviCRM

A WordPress plugin that integrates the [Caldera Forms](https://wordpress.org/plugins/caldera-forms/ "Caldera Forms WordPress plugin") plugin with [CiviCRM](https://civicrm.org/ "Open Source CRM").

The Caldera Forms CiviCRM plugin contains a set of form processors that interact with CiviCRM's API to retrieve, create and update data in CiviCRM. With this plugin, you can create responsive forms that expose CiviCRM fields and entities like Activities, Relationships, Tags, Groups and more.

### Features

* Add up to **10 Contacts** on the same form
* Auto-populate form if the user is logged in
* Define Contact Type: Organization, Individual, Household, and Custom Contact Subtypes
* Map Custom Fields data
* Add Relationships to each contact
* Create Activities on form submission
* Select Email Template for notification (requires [Email API Extension](https://civicrm.org/extensions/e-mail-api))
* CiviDiscount integration for Participant Registration and special field (requires [CiviDiscount Extension](https://civicrm.org/extensions/cividiscount))
* Open a Case on form submission
* Checksum support to auto-populate form with URLs like **example.com/some-page?cid={contact.contact_id}&{contact.checksum}**
* Add Memberships (CiviMember)
* Add Participants (CiviEvent)
* Add Contributions with Line Items (for live transactions a [Caldera Forms Payment add-on](https://calderaforms.com/caldera-forms-add-ons/#/payment) is needed)

### Requirements

To use this plugin, the following is needed:

* WordPress
* CiviCRM 5.x
* [Caldera Forms](https://wordpress.org/plugins/caldera-forms/ "Caldera Forms WordPress plugin") v1.8.1 or greater to be installed


*WARNING* This plugin is in active development (stable beta) and is currently being tested with CiviCRM version 5.x.

### Using Caldera Forms CiviCRM

* Get an [overview of Caldera Forms](/docs/overview.md)
* Setup [CiviCRM Processors](/docs/processors.md) on your form
* Use [Custom Fields](/docs/custom-fields.md)
* [Examples](/docs/examples.md)

### Contribute

Please help improve this plugin by using the extension issue queue to report any troubles and to make requests for feature improvements. The issue queue is here: https://github.com/mecachisenros/cf-civicrm/issues

Issues submitted to the issue queue will be addressed based on time and interest. If you are a developer contributions are welcome.

Commit message:

How to Install Step
While I was trying to figure how to install it;

I tried foolishly with cv commandline, clone the directory inside `civicrm/ext/`, `wp-content/plugins/civicrm/civicrm/ext/`, `wp-content/plugins/caldera-forms/processors/`, ...

So with this PR, I believe those littles clarifications will help other user in the future.

PS I know my english could be improve

README.md, after:

# Caldera Forms CiviCRM

A WordPress plugin that integrates the [Caldera Forms](https://wordpress.org/plugins/caldera-forms/ "Caldera Forms WordPress plugin") plugin with [CiviCRM](https://civicrm.org/ "Open Source CRM").

The Caldera Forms CiviCRM plugin contains a set of form processors that interact with CiviCRM's API to retrieve, create and update data in CiviCRM. With this plugin, you can create responsive forms that expose CiviCRM fields and entities like Activities, Relationships, Tags, Groups and more.

### Features

* Add up to **10 Contacts** on the same form
* Auto-populate form if the user is logged in
* Define Contact Type: Organization, Individual, Household, and Custom Contact Subtypes
* Map Custom Fields data
* Add Relationships to each contact
* Create Activities on form submission
* Select Email Template for notification (requires [Email API Extension](https://civicrm.org/extensions/e-mail-api))
* CiviDiscount integration for Participant Registration and special field (requires [CiviDiscount Extension](https://civicrm.org/extensions/cividiscount))
* Open a Case on form submission
* Checksum support to auto-populate form with URLs like **example.com/some-page?cid={contact.contact_id}&{contact.checksum}**
* Add Memberships (CiviMember)
* Add Participants (CiviEvent)
* Add Contributions with Line Items (for live transactions a [Caldera Forms Payment add-on](https://calderaforms.com/caldera-forms-add-ons/#/payment) is needed)

### Requirements

To use this plugin, the following is needed:

* WordPress
* CiviCRM 5.x
* [Caldera Forms](https://wordpress.org/plugins/caldera-forms/ "Caldera Forms WordPress plugin") v1.8.1 or greater to be installed

*WARNING* This plugin is in active development (stable beta) and is currently being tested with CiviCRM version 5.x.

### How to install it

When you meet the requirements, CiviCRM and Caldera Forms are up and running in your WordPress, simply clone this repo inside __wp-content/plugins__

````
cd ./wp-content/plugins/
git clone https://github.com/mecachisenros/cf-civicrm.git
````

Normally you will found in this directory, be aware of your __user:group__` on __cf-civicrm__ dir

````
ls -lah

caldera-forms
cf-civicrm
civicrm
````

After thoses steps CFC (Caldera Forms CiviCRM) could be enable like any others plugins through your WordPress (https://YOURDOMAIN.TLD/__wp-admin/plugins.php__)

### Using Caldera Forms CiviCRM

* Get an [overview of Caldera Forms](/docs/overview.md)
* Setup [CiviCRM Processors](/docs/processors.md) on your form
* Use [Custom Fields](/docs/custom-fields.md)
* [Examples](/docs/examples.md)

### Contribute

Please help improve this plugin by using the extension issue queue to report any troubles and to make requests for feature improvements. The issue queue is here: https://github.com/mecachisenros/cf-civicrm/issues

Issues submitted to the issue queue will be addressed based on time and interest. If you are a developer contributions are welcome.
